= Tenacity

A database client independent way of managing relationships between models
backed by different databases.

It is sometimes necessary, or advantageous, to use more than one database in a
given application (polyglot persistence).  However, most database clients do not
support inter-database relationships.  So, writing code that manages relationships
between objects backed by different databases hasn’t been nearly as easy as
writing code to manage relationships between objects in the same database.

Tenacity aims to address this by providing a database client independent way
of managing relationships between models backed by different databases.

Tenacity is heavily based on ActiveRecord's associations, and aims to behave in
much the same way, supporting many of the same options.


== Example

  class Car
    include MongoMapper::Document
    include Tenacity

    t_has_many :wheels
    t_has_one  :dashboard
  end

  class Wheel < ActiveRecord::Base
    include Tenacity

    t_belongs_to :car
  end

  class Dashboard < CouchRest::Model::Base
    include Tenacity
    use_database MY_COUCHDB_DATABASE

    t_belongs_to :car
  end

  car = Car.create

  # Set the related object
  dashboard = Dashboard.create({})
  car.dashboard = dashboard
  car.save

  # Fetch related object from the respective database
  car.dashboard

  # Fetch related object id
  car.dashboard.car_id

  # Set related objects
  wheel_1 = Wheel.create
  wheel_2 = Wheel.create
  wheel_3 = Wheel.create
  wheels = [wheel_1, wheel_2, wheel_3]
  car.wheels = wheels
  car.save

  wheel_1.car_id    # car.id

  # Fetch array of related objects from the respective database
  car.wheels        # [wheel_1, wheel_2, wheel_3]

  # Fetch ids of related objects from the database
  car.wheel_ids     # [wheel_1.id, wheel_2.id, wheel_3.id]

  # Add a related object to the collection
  new_wheel = Wheel.create
  car.wheels << new_wheel
  car.save
  car.wheels        # [wheel_1, wheel_2, wheel_3, new_wheel]


== Additional Usage Details

* The directories that contain your model classes must be in your load path in order for Tenacity to find them.


== Supported Database Clients

* ActiveRecord
* CouchRest (CouchRest::Model and ExtendedDocument)
* DataMapper
* MongoMapper
* Mongoid
* Ripple
* Sequel
* Toystore

See EXTEND.rdoc for information on extending Tenacity to work with other database clients.


== Documentation
* http://rdoc.info/github/jwood/tenacity/master/Tenacity/ClassMethods - Documentation on the associations supported, and their respective options
* http://rdoc.info/github/jwood/tenacity/master/frames - Full API documentation


== Contributing to Tenacity
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Run the tests in ruby 1.8.7 and 1.9.2 on the master and active_support_2_x branches
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.


== Development

* SQLite, MongoDB, Riak, and CouchDB must be installed, configured, and running.
* Install the dependencies

  bundle install

* Run the tests

  rake test

* Code away!


== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 John Wood. See LICENSE.txt for further details.

